This has got to be one of the busiest museums I've traveled to (20 countries). Sadly I found myself just having to avoid pushy, loud droves of Asian tour groups. It ruined part of my experience and you're better off coming after 5pm. And if the line to see the famous jade cabbage is too long... just walk around and enjoy something else, otherwise you're just wasting time. -Bring walking shoes that are not open toed, they will get stepped on. -Bring a full stomach.-Bring headphones so you don't have to listen to constant shouting in Chinese. It's about 330NT for your taxi if you're coming from the heart of the city and not near much else. 250NT for (1) adult admission, which does not include the audio headsets/tour, but is available for additional cost. Stays open later than most museums, which I suggest because the tourist groups and kids will be less.
We really enjoyed this museum, even our small kids enjoyed it, although it did get rather mobbed in the afternoon, definitely get here early!
The most incredible collection of Chinese arts from manuscripts to painting to jade jewel from the neolithic era onwards. I found it impressive
The National Palace Museum is a must-see place highly recommended to all tourists visiting Taipei to appreciate the hundred-year-old Arts & Culture of the Chinese people under one roof. It showcases the old magnificent treasures of those who ruled China way way back before. Indeed, the place is not only cultural but very informative, all in a modern setting and hi-tech environment. Thank you.
What an eye opener!If you like all things ancient and Asian, this is a must see!The artwork (painting/ceramics) are awesome.Each and every item is displayed and explained.I will be back to finish this tour!
The museum houses a lot of interesting items that tells the story of Taiwan. An hour or so won't be enough to visit and appreciate all the items on display. Make it at least a half day. The museum shop is also nice to visit.
I'm not a fan of Chinese culture but people around me are. There are some good displays but some--particularly the furniture were unimpressive. I've seen better in private collections. The facilities are so inadequate. There is one coffee shop in the entire facility so if you get tired, you're better off going to gardens and finding a bench. In the end, even those of us who wanted to go here were sorry they came. It's not really worth the time.
This was our second time at the palace museum and I was sorely disappointed to find myself being literally squeezed out of exhibit areas by the many big groups of tourists who arrived in droves. Each group led by a single tour guide, they jostled to follow the lead's commentary while moving loudly and in inconsiderate manner to other visitors. We were forced to look at exhibits with less crowds which really compromised the experience. My hubby and I had a great time admiring the exhibits and learning our Chinese roots during our last trip there and were eager to show the same to our kids this time, but unfortunately all they recalled about their experience there was 'other loud visitors' which we tried to avoid. Such a shame! The management should think about restricting number of group tours by time slots.
From the title, this is actually not for me. I know there are tons of history here, but I'm just a basic guy that has little interest in history. But for the others, I'm sure they would appreciate this museum far more than I have. For the international tourist like our family, it was just another stop of our tour of Taiwan. I do believe it's one of the must see while in Taipei. Try to get here early as there are lots of tourists here....almost too many.
Get here as it opens or find yourself elbowed by throngs of school trips and guided tours. As of December there was a second building that was closed for some reason so be aware and check the web site to plan a trip.
I visited the museum and was impressed by the building and the surroundings but after wandering around inside and seeing all the tourist groups etc opted out of paying for the full experience, following the advice of several other reviews and do not feel that I have missed out on anything.This museum is quite out of the way when compared to other locations worth visiting. I would strongly advise doing research on what is on offer before planning your visit, though I do think it is a grand building worth seeing.
This museum allows photo shooting . Many similar museum in China or other parts of Asia prohibites taking pictures. There are 3 storeys which can spend you 3 hours. The price, at US$ 3X, is also very competitive.
This is a large and impressive collection, although it does get very busy with tour groups so it makes sense to aim your visit for lunchtime, when it's slightly quieter. FYI, a few useful things to organise your visit: they have quite draconian security (you have to go through metal detectors and bag searches, and aren't allowed in if there's a sealed bottle of water in your bag) so you'll have to deposit any liquids in lockers before you go in. The cafe is also outside the secure area of museum, so you have to keep coming out of the secure area to grab a drink of water, then go back in (a bit of a pain, especially if you have metal implants in your body that sets the detectors off every time, like I do).Unfortunately the food in the cafe is pretty poor (the only "bad" meal I had in all of Taipei). Finally, there isn't much seating within the galleries (just a few benches by the lifts) so travellers who are older or have leg or back injuries may also have to exit the secure area to sit down and have a rest.
It was a great time visiting such a organized museum, getting in touch with my roots. Too bad we only had limited time and didn't get the audio guide. Dun forget to visit the museum shop!
The NPM has a fine collection of artefacts including ceramics, calligraphy, jade and furniture. Descriptions were quite brief; I would've preferred a bit more context and information. The museum was crowded with several large tour groups, and unfortunately, group members had no qualms about pushing their way past other visitors. There are lockers for bags with a refundable deposit (NT$10? from memory).
Well organised visit to this museum, having a headset for translation was a great advantage. Brilliant historic overview of Taipei's culture, throughly recommend a visiti.
NPM was very crowded with many tour groups. These groups made it very difficult to see the exhibits. Tour guides should not be allowed in.
Transported by Chiang Kai-shek's government from Beijing to Taiwan near the end of Chinese Civil war, the collections in this museum cover enormous amount of ancient Chinese arts and artifacts. It is definitely one of the most important source of its sort.
The National Palace Museum (NPM) is a must see and in my opinion is ranked amongst the best in the world. The showcase of the museum are the Jaddite Cabbage and the meat shaped stone that looks like a piece of pork. It is best to head to these exhibits early before the crowd arrives. It is best to visit early or late in the day to avoid the tour groups. Being popular means that it can be very crowded. Getting there is easy. Use the subway and then catch a taxi or public bus. Ask the locals for directions and bus service to take. Or check the NPM site for transportation information. To use the NPM apps, download them before you get there. Phone reception is poor inside the NPM. The apps are good companion guide if you don't want to rent the audio guide. The museum allows reentry. Just remember to get a stamp on your hand.
The museum has an impressive collection of artefacts ranging from silverware and glassware to calligrahy and paintings from the Qing dynasty. Well worth spending at least a few hours here. But remember to come early to beat the tour crowds. Also the restaurant in the museum serves one of the best beef noodles in Taiwan. The only downside is the museum is massively uptight about security and does not allow tourists to bring in liquids which is a little annoying.
We took our young kids with us for to get away from a day of heat. We went on a Monday afternoon. While there were many tour groups, they were all well organized. The oldest artifacts are on the 3rd floor and the newest on the bottom. The audio tour was amazing and easy to use and they one ones catered to just the youngin's (more user friendly and cartoonish characters). My son had a blast running from room to room looking for the numbers that coincided with his audio tour. (He's 6) beautiful works of art that you won't be able to see anywhere else.
We went at around 4pm on a Friday and the crowd was not so bad. It may be better to have a guide so that you can understand the display better. We spent 1-2 hours in the museum without a guide and honestly I don't remember much of what I have seen.
The Museum is well kept and relatively well run. However, they should limit their group guided tours and keep them away regular travellers. The Mainland chinese group guided tours push and shove you away from the exhibitions in order to take photos etc.I would suggest that they prohibit people from taking photos. It is a nasty habit within a museum against people who are just trying to learn about the artifacts etc.
I'll admit that I am not a museum person. To get from out hotel, we had to take the metro and a local bus (about an hour total). Exterior design of the museum is modern trying to look old--had actually hoped for a bit more in terms of gardens and such. Museum itself is vast and well worth the entry price (around 8 USD), though it is very crowded and difficult to appreciate at times.
Nice museum with an interesting collection. I expected more since the guides were comparing it to the ones in Beijing's Forbidden City.
This could be one of the best museum. Easily need to spend 2-3 hrs- was told what ever that are being displayed in the museum could be just 1% of the total treasures n artifacts taken from China.
very crowded. Better to go there early morning..Whoever loves history of other countries must go.Interesting to know the culture.
Excellent collection & well curated. Well worth the ticket price. Be ready for crowds of organised tours & student excursions.
With the top 30% of treasurers from the Forbidden City this is a must see. We had it as part of a one day tour and having a great guide who saved time inside the vast exhibition was great. Cost was in the tour but moderate.The exhibition has so much that the tour guide selected for us the top items. It also allowed us to move about without a cassette guide which requires you to follow a sequence. November of a great of season time to visit to minimize crowds.A wonderland of skills and craftsmanship NOT to be missed.
If you make a trip to go there just because someone told you it is a famous landmark in Taipei, you might be disappointed. This is a "serious" museum. For those who are really interested in Chinese ancient artifact and Chinese history, this place is paradise. To the best of my knowledge, it houses the largest collection of ancient Chinese artifacts in the world. You can spend hours viewing and enjoying the exhibits.On the other hand, if you are looking for fun and excitement typical of a tourist attraction, you might feel boring and wonder why you are there. Unless you are very sure your companions have the same interest as you do, my advice is you do it alone so that you have total control of how long you want to be there.
You could spend days here if you are a fan of Chinese history and art. So much art was destroyed by Mao and his followers on the mainland that the world is lucky the National Palace Museum exists to display so much that was not destroyed or lost through looting and corruption. The crowds can be daunting, particularly if you get caught behind a visiting school group or if you are interested in one of the more popular exhibits. You can spend hours in the gift shop alone! The museum is a must see on any visit to Taipei.
To be honest you could call me a cultural desert as i am not into old pots and stuff that looks like it came from a garage sale but thats me. If you are into Chinese history in this way then I would recommend it, but if this sort of thing bores you to death take a wide birth
Getting there was relatively easy, bus drivers were very considerate and even gave instructions as we were alighting from the bus. It was picture-esque though I am unable to comment about the exhibits as I only roamed around the area, visited the souvenir shop and took pictures. Many couples were seen taking wedding pictures. A Japanese garden is nearby that costs only NT20 per entry. Would recommend this place if you have free time and are curious about Chinese history. English audio is also available in the exhibition centers.
It is a nice, well organized musem in an attractive building. But the exibitions were not so interesting at the time of my visit. Or perhaps I just had a bad day... There is also a lovely park near.
If you want to learn the history of treasure of china this is best place. You will not find so much treasure in china. All of them is here. It is amazing and hard to imagine how they obtain or make such treasure 2000 year ago. I only visited 2 hours. But I think u can easily spend whole day here. Must visit place in Taipei.
The National Palace Museum is an incontournable spot to visit in Taipei. It is a magical trip into the Chinese culture.
Even Taiwan is my hometown and I lived in Taipei for four years before I moved to USA, I never visit the museum. I always think it’s only for tourist and won’t have any fun but I was totally wrong. There are four levels for exhibition areas, restaurants closing by museum for dining and a beautiful garden (Zhishan Garden) can walk and relaxing after visit the exhibition areasEach floor has different historical topics and subject grouped by year. We were there 10am, stepped out to have lunch for one hour and back to the museum. We walked out the museum at 4pm and took a walk inside the Zhishan Garden. This is a whole day event and worth every penny of it. I suggest arriving museum early at 9:50 and registering the 10:00am free English daily guided tour service. Step out to have lunch at Silks Palace Restaurant to rest a bit and enjoy the Chinese style cuisine. Back to museum to visit the Exhibition area which you have most interests or it’s not included in the guided tour. Take some photos on the way out and stop by the garden (admission is free when you show the ticket for exhibition).Don’t rush to visit all the area, you won’t enjoy it. Prepare a whole day to spend time inside the museum and park. Compare with other museums’ charges, I truly believe it’s worth every penny to visit. General ticket: NTD$250 (about US$8). If you are student, show your ID to get discount ticket at NTD$150 (US$4.85).My favor area: Precious Crafts in the Museum Collection. Each craft tells story of the history and show amazing skill.
Plan to go there after 5pm to miss the school and tour groups. We did not do this, wrong decision as the crowds were huge. Also, accept the offer of an English speaking guide because without this help it is only a collection of beautifully displayed antiquities and you will not get the most from the visit. It is a spacious building with clean toilets and a cafe. The security here is very high, even empty water bottles must be discarded; our bags were inspected with care. The cafe was almost out of food for lunch by 1.45pm. There is a large food hall in an adjacent building that we could have used as an alternative .
I reallt love museum and the history of a place that I visit. This museum will provide you a lot of information. But unfortunately it's just too crowded. I came really early, but still way too crowded. And the things that I hate the most is al the guest are just talking too loud to everyone. It's just like a total chaos.
How to get there: take the mrt to Shilin on the red line towards Tamsui. Then switch to bus 30 on the same side of the MRT exit. The bus will take you directly to the Museum. Entrance ticket cost NT250 per person. Go on a guided tour if you just want a quick browse and cover what is the highlight. Dont expect an expert tour guide because some are volunteers and do not have a good command of English. You have to surrender your backpack and water bottle. There is a locker service which require NT10 to work but fully refunded after use. There is a massive ground area for you to walk around (it is outside and free).
Heard much about this Museum and had high expectations. We spent 2 hours there. To be fair, maybe there were good stuff on level 1 and 2 but as we had to see the main items which are on level 3 (the cabbage for example), my review is only for what we saw. I truly appreciated the information provided highlighting the history and the influences of the emperors and the trade with Europe, etc. That was educational and I came away with a better appreciation of the roles that Kangxi, Yongzheng and Qianlong played in the crafts created during their reigns.Problems:- wifi only available on Lev 1 and Basement. We could not contact each other on other levels.- odd layout of the rooms where the numbering didn't follow chronologically so we had to zip around from one end to another. Not sure why this had to be the case.- there was nothing that really struck me, as compared to the Shanghai Museum which I felt held more treasures and created much longer impressions.
Good range of exhibits but not too sure about the types of visitors there. It seems like everyone was just rushing to see one exhibit - xiaobaicai. The visitors were rowdy and definitely did not understand what it meant by personal space. The gallery seaters were very alert and tried to keep the crowd as orderly as they could. 
If your tired from shopping and eating and you want to do something different and get a sense of history, visit this museum. If you expect to see "big displays" typical of western museums, you maybe disappointed. The collection if very typical for Chinese Museums that I have seen, as in the mainland, which typically consists of jewelry, pottery, art prints, and the like. Pro-tip -- there is an elevator at the back which you can take to the 3rd floor where the highlight of the exhibits are (Jade collection). Start from there and work your way down to the exhibits on the 2nd and 1st floor exhibit. Access is convenient. If you have the time and patience, take the red bus (best is #30) from Shilin station (take exit number 1) to the Museum. If you are in a big group of 3-4 and in a hurry, you can also take a taxi (take exit number 2). To return to Shilin station, you can take either bus or cab. On the ground level where the Museum information counter is located, you can ask them to hail a cab back for Shilin station.
If you like historical artefacts like painting, writings, ceramics, etc. This is the place for you. If u don't, then it's better to give it a miss. Twd250 per pax. You are not allowed to bring big bags in. A free locker service is available.
Its a must must must see in Taiwan. It has a permanent collection of nearly 700,000 pieces of ancient Chinese imperial artifacts and artworks mostly belonging to former emperors. the pieces are of an exceptionally high quality and some, of unbelievable intricacy. the gift shop is also great as you can buy these and take home.
Reached there by subway and bus. The ticket was not expensive and not a too many visitors on a Monday morning. We spend around 4 hrs in the museum, saw the famous jade carving - white cabbage . We took lunch at a restoran nearby, nice place, green scenery. In the afternoon , big crowd, more difficult to take a closer look at the artifacts. Worth a visit.
A must go place for visitors to Taipei. There's a remarkable collection of Chinese artefacts dating back from ancient times. Really liked the craftmanship and detail in the jade, porcelain and ceramic pieces. Come early to avoid the crowd; best to let tour groups pass so that you can enjoy the exhibit. Started off at 9 am when there were not many people, but by 11 am it was very crowded and noisy. Enjoyed the visit very much.
A very good place to visit if you want to know and learn some history of Taiwan. It's a bit crowded when we went there because of a lot of students. Entrance fee is NT250.There are souvenir shops and restaurant inside. A must see place.
If you are the cultural type of person, you have to visit the National Palace Museum in Taipei. You can go for a two hour visit from the short side to two-weeks if you are really into Chinese art. The collections were removed from the Forbidden City right before Japanese forces entered Beijing during the Sino-Japanese war, and later shipped to Taipei. So these collections travelled thousands of miles and escaped the Japanese looting and the Culture Revolution. The museum has the audio guides and one can hire personal guides too. The advice is to go in the early morning to avoid the crowds. There is fine Cantonese style dining next to the museum.
I think of all the sites in Taipei this was my favorite. The artifacts in here are gorgeous and if you consider the difficulty of preserving paintings, the collection they have here is astounding. Definitely check to see what special collection they have on display even though the permanent collection is worth seeing again and again.
We visited Taipei to see the museum. I was originally worried it would have been a tiring and exhausting experience (although very interesting) due to the aboundance of the artifacts, but found a well organised museum (selection of the display of exhibits, their display and the management of visitor flows)Took the guided tour (on the museum web page, no need to bring the passport, national id suffice on the day of the tour) the tour lasted 70 min, then we visited again the main exhibits. The second round allowed us more quiet times from the school. Restaurant with a limited choice. Book the taxi at the info desk to avoid paying non metered rates
An absolutely amazing museum with exhibits carefully set out and a detailed audio description available for each gallery. The only problem was that it was so crowded when I visited that it was rather hot and tiring so perhaps try to choose a quieter time than mid- afternoon to visit. But definitely not to be missed!
We was here in May. It is quite easy to take a bus from downtown to this museum. There are so many objects with different topic like painting, metal, jade... you must spend at least 2hours here
Not far from subway station.... 20-30min by busNice Chinese landscape and exterior.Exhibition is good. If you are interested Chinese art and crafted, don't miss this place.
Plan on at least half a day at the museum. There are two tours in English everyday and well worth the ticket price. Absolutely incredible collection and history. Beautiful setting just in the outside of Taipei. From downtown @25 min cab or quick subway ride. Even if you don't like museums at least go to see the grounds and historical buildings. You will leave more knowledgeable about Taiwan and China's history.
Very good to visit1. The Restaurant is Good2. The Park next to the Museum need to visit. You can buy Fish food to feed the fish, if you have kids, and it's fun.3. The TEA cafe' is not bad.
The greatest treasures of China all in one place. The place wasn't too big and had a fair sized mix of paintings, pottery, bronze ect. Make sure to check out the gardens, it's free with your regular ticket. Museum does get very full at times. Try to visit off peek.
It was sad that I stayed this place for only an hour and a half. It's a quite big museum that you need to allocate at least 2-3 hours. There are many Chinese artifacts that are hard to see outside of China or Taiwan and the sumptousity amazes many people. The reason I gave 4 stars, not five stars, is mainly because it's kind of loud and too many tour groups in the museum.
An excellent museum, which shows a wide range of errors in Chinese history. I don't think you can see so much in one place as you can at this museum. If you go after 4:30 PM, the entrance fee is discounted. If you do not know much about Chinese history, probably two hours is enough since everything will start to look similar. If you do you know much about Chinese history, you will need more than two hours to fully enjoy it.
The best attraction in Taipei, which is generally is not very touristic. Has many chinese artifacts.
There were a lot of artifacts in this museum that the pre-communist government from China brought over to Taiwan in order to preserve them. There were so many things to look at.
I have been to this Museum several times over the years. Every time, there is something new. You need more than a day if you want to see the whole museum at a leisure place. It can get crowded with the tour groups. Unfortunately, the cafe on the 4th floor was closed hence one had to venture to the next building to settle for something to eat.
It boasts of more artifacts than can be found in China. The amount of artifacts is certainly impressive. But after awhile they become boring. It's just one display after another. The sheer number of tourist groups also made it difficult to just see some of the displays and to quietly absorb the info provided on the displays. My family agreed that we like the Hong Kong History Museum better. The displays there seem to provide a narrative and connect us to the past whereas the displays here seem to remain in the distant past. I thought I would need to spend the whole day there. But after two and a half hours there I had enough. Perhaps I would have enjoyed it much better without the tourist groups.
By far, this museum offers the most awesome and well-maintained collections of Chinese treasures as compared to those in mainland China. Each theme of exhibition hall is well-organized and informative. It will take at least half day to really appreciate the art, historical and cultural values of collections of treasures. In order to avoid the crowd, it is advisable to reach the museum before 0830 or after 1100. This attraction should be included in your tour plan.
This is a truly wonderful museumGetting there can be a bit tricky - take line 2 of the MRT (the red one) to Shilin station, exit the station, walk the pedestrianized street and take a right. You will find numerous buses that go to the museum (18, 19, 30, 255, 304, 815 - to name a few).The museum resides in a palace-like building, overlooking the green mountains on the outskirts of Taipei.The dozens of exhibition rooms are spread over 3 floors, and while there isn't necessarily a timeline to those rooms, following them in running order does make sense.The exhibits are a true celebration to everyone interested in Taiwanese and Chinese culture. They focus on pottery, jewelry, manuscripts and other artifacts.Each exhibit has an explanation in English and the museum is easy to explore.The museum also includes a lovely terrace, overlooking the mountains and a beautiful garden with lovely statues and a huge gate. It's a wonderful photo-op.Ticket is 250 TWD (apx. 8 USD), and is totally worth it.You need 2-3 hours to explore the museum at ease, but if you're really into Taiwanese history (which we were not, to be honest) - it can take the entire day.Recommended.
This museum has a better collection than the Palace Museum in Beijing. There are beautiful bronze vessels, pottery, jade sculptures, jewellery, weapons, etc., from the various dynasties. Very few paintings and calligraphic works are on display.The audio guide is poorly organized and the battery runs out quickly.Go early in the morning to avoid the crowd. If possible, bring your own lunch. Like other museums and art galleries, there's only a cafeteria that serves sandwiches and spaghetti. The food is not good.
I was in so many museums with Chinese art in mainland China and in some Western countries. But this is surely the best one. But probably you need at least half of the day. With well described bus communication from metro stations, because it is – like everything else in Taipei – far away.
Although we had seen a good sample of this collection in San Francisco, it was wonderful to see so much more of it here, particularly when one considers that had these treasure not been "stolen" from mainland China, they might very well have been destroyed during the "cultural revolution".
National Palace Museum : Main purpose of our visit. Take MRT Red line to Shilin station, take Exit 2 and we took taxi to the museum, it took aprox NT 150-, which is easier and faster than waiting for bus. Have the Chinese name of the museum with you and show to taxi. Suggest to visit Fri-Sat, arrive there around 3pm to avoid the disturbing and noisy group tours and stay up as it closes at 9 pm on Fri-Sat, other days closes at 5 pm.Camera : u are allowed to take pictures, just no flash, other stuffs leave in the locker. Make sure u have NT 10 coin for locker, it will be returned when u leave.Tips : Go straight to 3rd floor, there is small elevator at the back, no need to spend energy to walk up, go to Room 302 to see the Jade Cabbage, its amazing beautifully cut, but so much said about it that we expected much more but anyway, it was very beautiful. Main collections are on 3rd floors. Walk down to 2nd floor, there will be other collections worth seeing, then down to 1st floor. If u want to go out for a cup of coffee on 1st floor, tell the staffs, they will stamp your back hand and u can come back in again. Don’t forget to drop by Basement B1 : Huge souvenir shop with tons to bring back home.Returning : at the Exit there is a big information desk, tell them u need a taxi to MRT Shilin, they will call taxi for u, which makes life a lot easier. Just wait couple of minutes, taxi will take u back to MRT station.
This is our second visit and we knew what to expect.It was not as crowded because the number of mainland Chinese visitors has dropped considerably with the current strain in cross-straight relationships. Not good for Taipeh businesses but good for visitors from other countries.We took a long time to examine the exhibit showing the time line of Chinese civilization juxtaposed against that of the middle east and European cultures. Oddly there is no comparison with the development of Indian civilization.After spending hours looking at ancient tools, weapons, pottery, jewellery, paintings and calligraphy I came away with an impression of the skill of the artisans and artists that created them but felt that what was lacking was a sense of the life-style of ordinary people during the times when the pieces were created.Still, this is a compelling place to visit and I will make time to come again when I next visit Taiwan.
This museum is one of the biggest of its kind holding around 700,000 pieces from the Chinese history. The building is beautiful and massive, you could spend a whole day here if you are into history. Chinese and english captions are provided, audio guide can be purchased for nt200. Packed with tourist groups!
National Palace Museum houses artifacts which Chiang Kai Shek and his army transported from Mainland China. The museum presented a very informative and interesting timeline of the Eastern (chinese) civilizations vis-a-vis other civilizations. They presented developments per dynasty and the Western infulences to their culture. All in all, the 3-hours worth of exploring around the place was worth it. They also have an interactive area with electronic and activities and displays for the kids and kids-at-heart!
I was less than impressed with this museum. Much like the Smithsonian institutes, this museum had a plethora of artifacts and displays. By the second exhibit, I was numb to the displays and lack of highlights. Lots of jade, scrolls, and artifacts but none was super appealing to me. The rooms were all packed with tourists and the audio tours seemed to be lengthy. We sped through and found a few highlights, but some sort of display highlighting the most important relics would have been helpful.
We have visited this museum twice, and on one occasion, the historic documents that were made when China opened up to the West were on display, memorable. Get their early because the museum gets very crowded later in the morning. Chiang Kai-shek did the world by moving (more than once) Chinese world heritage from mainland China; otherwise the Red Guard would have destroyed it. At the head of Chinese art and culture, he used three ships to haul smaller piece from mainland China to Taiwan. See this museum in Taiwan. Extraordinary
We arrived around 5.15 pm and were told that if we were to wait till 5.30 we could get a discount on the admission ticket. We did, as we are not that heavily into art.The museum is spread over various levels. We saw the ceramics exhibition, jade treasures, scrolls and paintings (though 100 horses was not on display), furniture,... It was interesting, but for me the jadeite cabbage, the neolithic pottery and the carved olive pit were the clear winners. It was a nice outing - a good change from Taipei's crowded night markets!It is a modern purpose-built building, and not an old palace converted into a museum - please note.
Nice building; some impressive artifacts. I especially liked the ancient bronzes and jades. Fairly typical museum experience, more crowded than most. Do it if you like museums. Otherwise, take a hike.
We visited the national palace museum with an 8 month-old baby. The quality of the collection is very impressive. The information is comprehensive and the layout is logic and easily followed. One could easily spend a whole day in the museum and the attached garden. The museum has a breast feeding room (as many other places in Taipei). While the coffee shop in the museum doesn't provide highchair, the nearby restaurant and foodcourt do. Food and drink is not allowed for adults in the foyer as well as inside the museum but baby food/drink is allowed. There is accessible pathway for wheelchairs and strollers from the bottom of the street all the way to the museum. It is also convenient that there is a post office on the basement of the museum. If you go by bus or taxi, the way to the museum is uncovered/unsheltered. However, the tour buses are allowed to the basement. 
When the Kuomintang withdrew from China proper, legend has it that they took with them 4 TRAINLOADS (not carriages) of treasures from the royal collections.Regardless of whether or not that is completely true, this museum does house a large and significant collection of Imperial treasures: from furniture to ceramics to calligraphy and paintings.What is on display at the Forbidden City proper pales in comparison.It's definitely a must-see, but that also means you have to contend with the crowds, which make this museum feel more like a marketplace, and detracts from the magnificence of the collections.
The positives are that you easily spend 4-5 hours here so it is worth the 250 TWD admission. It isn't at the MRT stop we got a taxi for 150 TWD but there is a bus that leaves every 20 minutes but it's not good when you have to wait outside in the rain! Audio guide is 200 TWD but you must bring your passport otherwise you have to give a deposit of 3000 TWD. The guide was pretty boring, it was light on facts and heavy on opinions/emotions. We came on a Sunday so it was very busy with lots of Chinese tours that were very noisy and took photos of everything. There were not enough museum people to keep order. Most tours headed to the 3rd floor to check out the jade exhibits so you could start by going later in the day (2pm) to the basement and start in reverse. The cafe is worth missing as it was expensive and poor quality. We arrived 12 and it took no time to get the tickets and queue up. Once you enter there is no food and you must leave your bags at the cloakroom. It would have been a million times better if there was more control over the noisy tour groups!
Supposedly this is where all the Chinese art went when they moved to this island. Especially the calligraphy and ceramics are very impressive. The jade vegetables are a bit funny but they grow on you.
The museum offers a tantalising glimpse at the craftsmanship of old chinese artists and caligraphers. Exquisit art works on display but I found the mixed caligraphy and sketch pieces most intriging and absolutely fascinating.
This museum is bigger than any I've ever been to. It's broken into sections so you can try to target the topics you're most interested in. The artwork has a deep history behind it, the jade was mind-blowing, and it's definitely worth checking out. you could spend days in here and still have more you want to look at.
We toured for over an hour with a fantastic guide who spoke English fluently. We saw several different eras in Chinese history. It is amazing how all of the items were saved and transported to Taiwan from China due to the Japanese invasion. There was so much more to see.
Great presentation of numerous historic treasures from China. Very well explained & preserved. The only down side were the loads & loads of tourists ,congestion & noises. Better to go first at opening or later of the day.
This is one of the world's best museums: more Chinese artefacts here than anywhere else ! The items are beautifully displayed, signs and explanations are in perfect English, the lighting is appropriate. This is a real MUST for anyone interested in Chinese history, art, calligraphy and so much more.
I went here on a Sunday and can tell you it was extremely crowded, so be forewarned.The museum is very interesting and contains a sizable collection of Chinese treasures a number of which were removed from main land China for protection during WWII. As a result the collection is very large and is rotated on a regular basis. I believe that it is helpful to do some reading in advance to give some context to various eras of Chinese history. It makes the experience more enriching. From a 21st century perspective there is a lot to marvel at with the ingenuity and skill that ancient civilizations developed. If you have an interest in Jade there is also quite a bit here to offer.
If you are interested in China history, I strongly recommend you to go to National Palace Museum. National Palace Museum also know as Taipei Former Palace. Although the size of Taipei Former Palace is not as big as Beijing Former Palace, but there has a permanent collection of nearly 700,000 pieces of ancient Chinese imperial artifacts and artworks, making it one of the largest of its type in the world. The collection encompasses over 10,000 years of Chinese history from the Neolithic age to the late Qing Dynasty. Most of the collection are high quality pieces collected by China's emperors. I am not a big fan of Chinese imperial artifacts, therefore most of the artifacts,i just passed by rather than briefly watch. However, the artworks part, I spent lots of time on it because I am a big fan of handwriting. I wondered why calligraphers can write so pretty with a writing brush.
The building to house the imperial treasues is amazing and an extension is already being planned since the artifacts on show are but a fraction of the collections. It is all tastefully done, most has English content too but beware of the guided tours. The tourists, mainly Chinese mainland folk I thought, seemd so intent on absorbing and recording all of the contents that they seemed to have left their manners at home. maybe it is a cultural thing but they do barge you out of the way. Despite that it is well worth a visit.
I have been to forbidden city in Beijing too many times. Before I was been National palace museum in Taipei, I totally think it is only a mini forbidden city without many features. When I been there, I have less interest with its buildings. However, anything change When I entry museum, there are too many precious and valuable ancient goods exhibited that I have ever seen. It was so attractive and crazy. Finally, I got a idea, the forbidden city in Beijing is exhibited buildings, the national palace in taipei is exhibited in precious things.What I like is only those precious and valuable collections. All of those collections are charming and fascinating. those are impossible to see in mainland China.What I dislike is there are some boring people always ask my political position and persuade me leave out of communism. If you wanna been there, only pay attention to those precious things, ignore those boring people disturb.
This is my first time to Taiwan and can't wait to see the greatest treasures of Chinese history and cultures. Very impressive. Its breadth and depth are unmatchable. Glad people of ROC keep them in safe place.
Amazing place, amazing architecture, amazing exhibitions, Amazing history!Years of hard, dramatic moments are hidden behind that jewel. It is a MUST for everybody who has traveled to Taiwan. It is a excellent example on the real meaning of Europe in the past, and on transformation process of different cultures in different areas of the planet. Definitely the best museum around the Earth. Love and Respect to the ancestors and current management of the NPM in Taipei !
It is a very Comprehensive museum of Cultural Art. We were told by our guide that most of the actual artifacts originally found in the Forbidden City Royal Palace of Beijing (Residence of the emperor of China), were transferred here. Very wide collection. Very Comprehensive Souvenir shop also. If visiting only one Museum in Taiwan, this is the place
A great way to learn more about Taiwan is by way of visiting this museum. Lots of antique pieces are inside and as well, a replica of Dr. Sun Yat Sen is strategically placed for people to enjoy.
A great collection of all the Chinese era collection,jades, calligraphy ,painting , religious object.many collection from the forbidden city .take you time here its very big and breathtaking pieces
Need to know something about Chinese history, both recent and ancient. More you know, more you want to know and more incredible it becomes.
When Chiang Kai-shek fled mainland China after the Communist Revolution, he took with him a significant portion of the finest Chinese art in the country. His reasons were political; because of the historical significance of this art, he felt that maintaining control of it on Taiwan established his legitimacy as China's true leader. Of course, events proved him wrong. Nevertheless, we are all very fortunate that this art is here in Taipei, where it is much, much easier to see than it would ever have been if it had been left on the mainland. Although it only represents a tiny portion of the national treasure of China, the Taiwanese will tell you that it is the very finest part, the cream of the crop so to speak. It is well worth spending half a day visiting this museum, which is not overly large or difficult to cover thoroughly in a 2 to 3 hours. The only unfortunate thing is that less than 10% of the complete collection is on view at any given time. There is talk of doubling the size of the museum, which would be a very good thing.
I have been to Forbidden City in Beijing, but the antiquity on display there is nothing compared to that in National Palace Museum Taipei. The free guided tour offered in the museum can vary. I recommend spending $200 NTD (about $7 USD) on the audio tour even if you take the guided tour. Its China collection and Chinese calligraphy and painting collection are simply amazing. Plan on at least 3 hours to just quickly scan through the display in the main building.
This is a great museum and well worth the time and entry fee. Great collection of antiquities dating back thousands of years. Well organised and easy to get around. Easy to get to with public transport. Great and reasonably priced cafe to get a bite before you leave. Really pleased that I visited.
If you enjoy art, you should visit it. If you enjoy culture, you should see it. Mostly full with stuff brought from the forbidden City in Beijing.
I went there with my family during the summer holiday. I recommended that place for those tourist which are with family. There are different parts and zones of different theme exhibitions. As my parents love visiting museum. National Palace Museum must-go! A traditional and delicate cuisines restaurant is near the museum. So it's a relax and valuable place to visit.
This Museum is isolated, large, and crowded with tourists. If you like relics and China then this Museum is a must see. I prefer the National Museum of History. It's smaller, with older artifacts, in a beautiful location that's easier to get to, and have cheaper entrance fee.
The museum is beautiful and very interesting however the crowds of loud touris groups made the experience very uncomfortable if you expect to go to here to appreciate the art and read the info without been rushed, sometimes pushed or interrupted by the people taking fotos or getting in front of you this is not the place, the Ivory sphere was a challenge to admire surrounded by people that pushed you all over was frustrating, to see the jade cabbage the line is a large one, then you have a security oficial from the museum rushing the line because of the amount of people and is a tiny peace so you can not really appreciate it. I'm not a fan of the crowds and less on a place that you want to take the time to admire. Is a shame. The audio info is a great help
So proud to see all the ancient Chinese Arts, and Wisdom! Despite the big crowd there, it is well controlled. Once we got use to the flow of the crowd, we were able to enjoy the breathtaking display !
First of all, its a long long walk to the "palace". So, naturally people will carry umbrella. Then, its the good news. You are not allowed to carry your umbrella inside and then you are forced also to put all your food and drinks at the counter. Which was fine. But even backpack is not allowed. Well, if its any consultation, the TWD10 is refundable, but that certainly means I need to leave the place quickly or at least revisit the locker again because I needed to drink very often and so does little kids. Next, its really confusing what you are allowed to photograph and what you are not allowed and in the end, I was really quite pissed enough not to even take 1 photo there. Not with my camera anyway. Just a few quick snap with my lousy hand phone so that I can share some of the "best" item there with you guys.The place consist of 3 floors with confusing entrance and exit you will soon ask yourself if you had visited this. What added to this is that there are also huge groups of other tourists and with their "guides" speaking loudly like they own the place. It's hard to have some peace to view the exhibit. Why can't they have silent audio guides like other museums? In the end, I just have to rush through quickly because I do not want to be mixed into the crowds of tourists speaking in different languages I do not understand. And you know, this is a Wednesday. Imagine the weekend.While the exhibits is priceless, it is only as good as how much you can appreciate it. Even with a deep understanding of Chinese, it takes a bit to understands some of the deeper arts like poems and painting. One good exhibit I saw tried to modernize some of the meaning behind the painting through an animation, I thought that was good. If you can't understand much of it, its just a bunch of ancient bowls and rocks instead of national treasure actually. Lastly, the price. OMG. Well, its out front TWD250. So think before you go and if you regard after 30 minutes of purchase, even if you did not use the tickket, refund is impossible. And do not pay with you YoYoCard, its 100% non refundable!
Entrance fee twd250 for adult. Very expensive and very crowded. Decided to skip from entering. Walked around the garden area, and soak in the massive palace structure from afar. Avoid taking bus from the basement, bus not frequent. Take the bus at the main entrance instead.
Arrive early to beat the crowds. This collection is amazing, and only a small amount is ever put out at one time. Chinese from the mainland come to gaze upon the treasures here as well as many locals and tourists. You will soon find certain collections attract large crowds....I chose to seek out the lesser visited rooms and hit the popular spots first thing or when many went to lunch.I didn't go with a tour guide, instead I used the head sets that are offered. Excellent coverage of the different exhibits. Plan to spend most of the day to really begin to see everything. Taxis are plentiful and inexpensive. It is a good idea to have your destination written down for the cab driver to read. I had no problems what so ever and enjoyed my conversation with the cabbies. A must see when in Taipei.
Large groups of rude tourists (I shall not mention where they are from but I am sure you can guess) spoil the place. I don't know why they bother having 'please-be-quiet' marshals all over the museum when they allow the numerous tour guides to 'storytell' on top of their voices. They do not allow guests to bring water into the exhibit areas and there are no cafes anywhere within the exhibit areas so prepare to have your throat to be completely parched dry if you intend to spend a couple of hours to go through all the exhibits.
Most museums around the world are free. This one has an entrance fee, and a pretty steep one too. The price isn't worth the small collection.
This is one of the best places to visit in Taipei. This is the imperial forbidden city collection saved by Chang Kai Shek during the civil war and it probably would have been lost during Mao's cultural revolution. Try to avoid weekends and holidays, getting there as early as possible on a weekday is best. Give yourself at least a full day and have lunch there too. Some items are particularly popular with mainland tourists, e.g. The jade cabbage, and these can be avoided. Explore the less well attended galleries. You can get there best by taxi, get your hotel to write out the name in Chinese and don't forget to take your hotel's card with you too so you can get back. There is also a good bus service but it only delivers you to the bottom of the hill. No use if your are a little infirm. If you do walk up and down, do notice the Falun Gong who spend their time annoying visitors from the PRC
Our tour guide apologized that we would not have enough time to see everything and he proceeded to take us to the most outstanding exhibits he felt we should see. I broke from the group and took in many more exhibits and was just amazed at the number of cultural and historical exhibits. An art or history buff would love this museum and I highly recommend it. It was not too crowded either.
For a national museum I thought there should be more for us to look at. This is my first time in Taiwan. My personal interest is in Chinese calligraphy. There are 2 storeys of exhibitions organized in various groups such as copper wares, jade carvings, religious relics, development of Chinese words and of course Chinese paintings and calligraphy. Unfortunately there are only a handful of calligraphy for us to look at. It has guided tours and interpreting services.It has a book shop where you can buy books and copies of Chinese calligraphy. The price is reasonable. It has a small cafe but only paid customers are allowed in. I did not find this museum particularly exciting and I left with no new found feel about Chinese culture. But then that's me.
Not many place you can go to see treasures as old as 2500 B.C. The museum is well laid out, clean, and in a nice location. The only slight drawback are the large crowds but still well a very worthwhile experience - my third visit.
this is the best museum in the world. It takes days to do through in adequate detail and the treasures are unimagineable.
This museum is really worth a visit. The building is also very nice and you should take your time to explore all its treasures.
The National Palace Museum was a fantastic museum with a great collection of items dating back hundreds to thousands of years, all of which are in excellent condition and many are fascinating, there is a great collection of items sculpted in jade and ivory (a long time ago). The museum is highly regarded and has a fantastic collection, we spent a whole day here and could have spent more time if we were able to.
Here's the story about this place. Kuomintang moved all the precious treasures from China tonTaiwan when they realized they would be defeated in China so come here for the real treasures in Asia
It is a place you must visit if you want to know more about the Chinese culture and history. You can find many treasured collection there, including antiquities,painting and calligraphy, rare books and documents. It is advisable to book a guiding tours online at least three days before your visit, and prepare to spend a whole day there if you are very interested in Chinese culture and history.
I spent two full days here-with tea and lunch breaks.Outstanding collection of Chinese antiquities-all well displayedand lit.
The National Palace Museum in Taipei, like many great collections, has its own particular history but what is on show here displays such amazing quality and beauty and is exhibited with such intelligence through the exhibitions' various narratives that visitors cannot help but be impressed. This is my second visit having first been here in 2012 and I found this visit even more exciting and rewarding than my earlier one. The stunning jade cabbage is identified as the star attraction here and it's gallery is always crowded. However, the three public floors are all full of the truly most amazing pieces. This museum does not try to be all things to all people. You will not find anything contemporary here. Nothing western (although some western influenced pieces tell their story). This museum focuses primarily on jade, metal ware, calligraphy, painting and ceramics and this approach of looking deeply and intensely at the art is what makes a visit here so rewarding. Also, as a westerner it provides me with a far better insight into the East than a cursory skimming along the surface that a broader collection would require. Even if you are not an habitual museum visitor please allow at least half a day. There is an excellent cafe and shop if you need to re-charge or have a break. Also, a clever idea is to travel to the top floor and move down when visiting museums. The crowds will be thinner on the top floor and moving this way will help you pace yourselves. As already mentioned, this museum is very popular. The attendants do an excellent job in both keeping people quiet and in keeping them moving but be certain to travel with the directed flow. No one will appreciate you causing minor mayhem by heading into the rush. I look forward to visiting this wonderful place again shortly and also it's new branch in southern Taiwan which has only just opened. If the new facility is as successful as the first, this will mean at least an extended visit here of a couple of days, but that will be no hardship.
I went to the National Palace Museum in September and the weather was hot and rainy. However it was totally worth it I really recommend it it's a great place to learn about Taipei and its history and the architecture of the palace is stunning a great place to take photos with family with Friends With Your Love whatever it's a great place totally recommend it it's all outside it's like a giant Plaza.
I have been there twice. There is also a branch down near Kaosheng and they rotate the collections. I have not been to the other branch yet but I plan to go on my next trip to Taiwan.
We had visited this place 3 or 4 times previously, always on a tour or with local friends who wanted only to show you the highlights. Our impression was that it was very very crowded. This time we decided to do this leisurely. You need to allow 3 hours to enjoy it. For independent travelers, if you arrive before 10am, join one of the museum free tours. They give you an hour and a half of guided tour with highlights of the best in the collection. Best of all they guide you round the crowds since they know what they are doing. By the time the free tour was over around 11:30 am, the crowds from the package tours have thiinned down and left for lunch. We were able to enjoy the museum and see the special exhibits without the long lines. The entry fee is 250NT$.The taxi ride from Shilin station to the museum is under 150 NT$, which is quite reasonable compared to a long wait for a crowded bus.
Trip through the history of China through a remarkable exposition of art and cultural artifacts. The audio guide is highly recommended if you want to get the most of this experience.
That I like to visit whenever I couldTaiwan doesn't have winter anymore. So, prepare a hat or an umbrella
Amazing! This is among the best museums I've been to. A must see for tourists especially those who are curious about history and arts.
As the title said, spent the whole day looking at the amazing collections. Worth the visit though it is hard to get there by public transport. Tip: Go before the tour groups arrive in the afternoon.
Excellent selection of artefacts, and the best we've seen on our China trip.We spent about a half day here and did most of it using the audio tour which helped otherwise we could have been there all day!. The audio tour took us through key artefacts and explained how they fit into the scheme of things. One w completed the selected audio toys w just went back and looked at the stuff we didn't see as part if the audio tour but we though were interesting during the audio tour.Watch out for fly in Chinese tour groups. Yuk. They sure now how to spoil the atmosphere!A must do when in taipei though.Take food along as the selection of food shops at the museum are just hideous. Do the tour of the museum then head back into town to eat.There is no MRT at the museum. You need to catch a bus from Shilin. Pretty easy, just follow the steps mentioned by others.
Even if you are not a museum buff, I will recommend that you visit this museum. The collection/exhibits are extensive and impressive. Some of the best pieces are found here rather than in China's Forbidden City. I easily spent 2-3 hours just looking through the exhibits. You can consider making a trip here if you are planning to go to Tamsui and also Shilin Night Market since these places are located on the same metro line (red).
Although the place was very crowded, it was worth a visit. It certainly is not that big a museum, but it has many beautiful Chinese antiques.
A very impressive collection of historical art. Worth a visit. Brilliant gift shop and facilities. The grounds and surrounding area are very beautiful. Easy to get to. MRT to Shilun and then bus (many buses go there)
Take the MRT to Shilin station, then once you exit the station turn right onto Zhongzheng Rd and the bus stop is approx. 20 metres (look for the Starbucks). There are many buses to choose from and the bus stop information highlights main stops in English. The museum itself is nestled in the hills and requires a walk up some stairs to reach the main entrance. Once inside the admission fee is TWD$250 per adult. I recommend the audio guide which helps you cover the key exhibits on the 3 floors. It can be very busy inside but worth the effort to wander the various exhibition halls to see the beautiful items inside. The porcelain and artworks are particularly stunning. Advise a good 3 hours put aside to see the most of the museum.
1. Take a metro to 士林/芝山 station and transfer a bus to there.2. There displays a lot of Chinese antiques and treasures which will surprise you tho.3. Visit their website to get some information, maybe you can get coupon.4. As Taiwanese, you are able to enter there without charge after 5/6:00 pm on Friday and Saturday every week.
The exhibits are very good. The design of the exhibition areas is world class- ambience, exhibits & logistic control. It has frequent change of exhibits. I visit this museum every year, for several years. I am still enraptured by the well curated exhibits. The museum shops retail replicas of some of the very famous pieces. Worth a drop in.
This is a wonderful place to see old treasures which you expected to see in China's Forbidden City but was disappointed. The treasures are incredible. I was told that they have so much that they have to rotate their treasures on display. They also have a place (Basement) for children to appreciate the treasures in their own (hands on) way. It's located at the opposite end of the Souvenir Shop. Time to be allocated here depends on how interested you are at looking at priceless antiques. If you want to see only the top 10, then 1 hour will do. If you want to see everything, maybe 2-3 hours.We managed to see this and lots of other places of interest in Taipei and Taiwan (at our our speed) due to Mr Lin. He drove us around, we spent longer time at the places we liked and shorter at places which were not as interesting. He would always be there to pick and drop us off. He is very nice and reliable. Took us to good restaurants. He knows where to get the authentic (not touristy) pineapple cakes etc. His car is clean and new. Highly recommended. Any travel book can be your guide, more importantly is the driver. He can be reached at: +886 9 20302345 (he's on what's app) or email ck409@msn.com.
A must for all travellers to Taiwan/Taipei. It is absolutely stunning what they all have in their collection. Advise: Go for the things you are mostly interested in - it is well organized in sections. Less is more.....believe me!
It was a good idea to book our slots to join the free English guided tour in advance.. This enabled is to effectively use our time and focus on the more important displays of the museum..
I have a feeling the Taiwanese built the museum to make the Chinese jealous.The museum building itself is not big, but the grounds are huge and built to impress.The collection inside is impressive in its quality, its quantity, its variety, and the way the artefacts are displayed.You need several hours to see everything, but beware of overloading your brain!The museum can become crowded and rowdy when the tour groups are here, but if you put yourself between tour groups, you can get a bit of peace and quiet.
It's been voted as one of the world's best and it certainly doesn't disappoint. It's focus is clearly on Chinese antiquities, such as jade and porcelain, so if you're not into this (which would be a shame...), give it a miss.The museum is logically laid out and the exhibitions are well presented. The multimedia exhibition that is currently on is incredibly well curated and executed. The gift shop is also excellent; items to suit every budget can be found there and it is well worth stopping through.Getting here isn't hard, however you will need to take a bus and train. Don't let this stop you—there are plenty of signs in English to help guide your way!
The museum is a little out of the way and no metro there- take an über, taxi or bus to get there. It's nice to visit if you have time- but not essential "must see" in my personal opinion, especially if you have children.
This is an exemplary museum, with an enormous amount of artifacts to see from Chinese history, all very well displayed and documented. Parts of it can be crowded but its so large that there is space to spread out. Plan for about 2 hours.
Beautiful pieces are presented at this museum. If you are accompanied by a good guide you will be able to cover the most interesting displays in about an hour and a half. If you need some souvenirs of high quality pass through the gift shop.
If you're into artifacts and history, this is worth the visit. Here you will see a collection of different artifacts. The collection are very beautiful and worth looking at. You'll be amazed at the mere sight of the collection. To fully enjoy the place, you need to spend at least 2 hours.
There are a few good exhibits but a lot of filler ones as well. I went on a Sunday and it was way too crowded. Lots of tourists and students. I would recommend going on a weekday and doing an audio guide or tour to get the most out of the experience. Getting there was pretty easy with mtr and bus.
My partner and i made reservations for the complimentary guided english tour. the guide was very knowledgable and showed us the important art pieces within the museum. if you're short on time but want to visit the museum, do take up the guided tour option as it is only 60 mins long. i loved a few pieces that was feature at the museum. i had a very enjoyable time at the National Palace Museum.
Great place. Went there via MRT red line and bus 255. Stopped at MRT Shilin and walk about 100-200m to reach a bus stop. Took bus 255 and stopped at the National Palace Musuem (written on the screen just beside the bus driver. Reached there at about 6pm on a Saturday. Thus just paid NTD 150 for entrance and another NTD 200 for the audio guide. Audio guide is important as it tells us more and its more personal rather than reading on the description board. Spend 3 hours there. And it was beautiful. Should have bought the souvenirs there like the Jadeite Cabbage and books (as it can be no where found in other place in Taipei -- not in Shilin market/Ximendi/Taipei101/Bookstores/Supermarkets/Airport. Took the bus back at the bus stop. There are 8-9 buses servicing the area till 12 midnight. Every 5 minutes there will be one passing by. Cost around NTD 10-16 only. So no worries. Only 1 did not reach Shilin MRT metro. Its written on the notice board at the bus stop. Another option is to take the R3 bus just at the entrance of the National Musuem -- last bus at 920pm on a Saturday.
The National Palace Museum is well worth a visit. I spent a good four hours here and was truly spellbound by the national treasures that was brought out of China by the retreating Kuomintang army. The jades, including the cabbage jade, were spectacularly large and beautiful. There is also a good collection of Chinese art. I could have spent even longer here but, unfortunately, my time was limited.
No need to explore the interior of this palace for the exteriors alone are breathtaking! A must visit!
We only spent a couple of hours here. Paradox was that we just scratched the surface but felt overwhelmed. Take plenty of time and take it slowly and stay away from the Chinese tourists as they seem to be a little loud and pushy. Content is incredible, well worth seeing
This place is huge, a repository of all the ancient treasures of the emperors of ancient China. The emperor's treasures were boxed up and taken out of mainland China in 1940's during the China-Japan war, and then the civil war with the Communists. As such, it is the foremost collection of ancient Chinese artifacts anywhere. Plan to spend at least 4 hours here. Exquisite Chinese garden adjacent to it. You can reserve a 90 minute tour of the highlights in English -- they offer 10am and 3pm daily, but must reserve in advance and show passport.
The collections of the palace is extensive and impressive, with good dating of the artefacts. Most of the descriptions are still in mandarin and not all are translated into English. The noisy tour groups can be pushy and loud which spoils the experience. We spent about 4 hours in exhibition 1 and we got quite tired after. You can loan audio sets for 200NT each which you need to deposit your ID with. The orientation station 101 is a good start as it puts western and Asian history timeline in context.
This place was pretty crowded and the artifacts hard to see due to the amount of people. It's also kind of expensive, 320 TWD. There is very little variety there, with everything displayed in the same glass boxes and the audio guide can't really keep you interested.Get there by taking the MRT to Shilin and then bus Red 30 (R30).
We just finished a five week tour to mainland China, and this museum was by far much better than anything we saw in China. Thank God that the Chang Kai Shek had the far sight, to save these beautiful historic treasures from Mao's Cultural Revolution.
Really spectacular. I went with new friends who happened to also be in Taiwan and I wasn't entirely sure they would enjoy the whole museum thing, but we stayed until we absolutely had to leave with only a coffee break (something like 4-5 hours and we would have stayed longer).The focus seems to be on an exhibit (currently nature in Chinese art) and then ceramics, paintings, buddhist materials, calligraphy and jade. It's quite chilly in the museum and they don't allow any food or drink so don't buy a water bottle just before arriving.
Best to visit early before the tour groups arrive. Can get very crowded as the day goes. Hardly given enough time to admire the more popular exhibits as there are ushers to move the crowd along. I would recommend to rent the multi-lingual headsets that provide commentary of the exhibits. the museum is huge so you should plan your 'route'. One good way is to follow the 'themed' tour as recommended.
Well laid out. Nice organization w rooms separation. Huge. Need 3+ hrs to walk thru. Disappointed that pork belly stone was loaned out!! And the rice grain w poem engraved is no longer displayed!! :(
The National Palace Museum (NPM) is one of the world's great museums. It has items datng back 5,000 years, to the dawn of Chinese civilisation. Recently, the museum has been restructured to appeal to visitors without an expert knowledge of Asian civilsation. The paintings are wonderful, but personally I like the pottery best. Some old favourites like the jade cabbage have gained new prominence, as has the tiny olive pit boat.No visit to Taipei is complete without a visit to the NPM. By the way, aim on spending around half a day at the NPM initially and return if you want to explore further, don't overdo it.
I thought I should visit it because it looked so beautiful with typically traditional Chinese buildings but would have few old thing to see, just like any other museum, but I was wrong. I completely was! The National Palace Museum of Taiwan had so much things to see and explore! I personally loved the exhibition of jade and ceramics. Those who would like to travel there by public transportation should take metro to Jiantian MRT or Shilin MRT and take Red 30 Bus. A must-visit place in Taipei I bet!
A lot of stuff and even more stuff. It is a well organized museum but I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. In my opinion there wasn't anything special to see here. You had to lock in your bag and waterbottle too...
I had only an afternoon to visit the museum, so I chose to concentrate on Chinese paintings. What this museum has in mind boggling: the best of early Chinese paintings with an unbelievable richness in Song dynasty and Yuan dynasty masters. Of course the Ming and Ching dynasties are also there, and in quantities, but these you can see also elsewhere. The early Chinese paintings are a smashing demonstration of the subtleties and sensitivities that one can achieve with just black ink and water. I recommend very strongly not to rush: absorb these rare treasure at ease, let them penetrate your soul. Trying to see all the museum is a mistake. There is too much to swallow. Choose what you like and savor it at your own pace. When you do this try not to shudder to the thought that all this could have been lost during the Cultural Revolution in China if the Chiang Kai Shek did not "remove" it from Beijing...
We got to the museum pretty early at around 09:30 and it was already getting crowded, there were numerous groups very noisy and pushy which made the experience unpleasant.We tried to experience some of the exhibitions but very quickly a new group rushed into the display area and made us retreat...After an hour and a half we couldn't stand it and just left, just to see a sign in the exit stating tha there where over 3,600 (!!!!) visitors inside.From what we did manage to see the exhibits are impressive and I am sure that a bit less crowd would let us experience these treasures much better
I was very surprised about the national museum. First of all the park and the surrounding is awesome like an oasis in a little sticky city. The museum itself shows a huge overview about culture and trends over the last pas centuries. At least the souvenir are not very expensive and have a huge collections about english literature. So I brought several books.
The best of Chinese art and artifacts, from one who spent many hours in museums all over China. Well worth at least a few hours. Don't miss the dim sum at the restaurant across the parking lot.
Several floors of Taiwan-Chinese heritage organized wonderfully in a very comprehensible way to view the progression of ceramics, metal work, calligraphy and furniture. A very spacious facility that is very generous with seating and places to view a great works away from the crowds. What a great facility available to all of us.
This museum has the biggest collection of all kinds of items from Chinese history: pottery, jade, paintings, calligraphy, you name it.By switching items every 4 months, it takes 12 years to cycle all the museum owns.The expositions are very well arranged, really professional. The museum was the main reason for me to visit Taiwan. MUST.
The museum has some of the best Chinese treasures collections in the world. It also provides multiple languages audio guides for the visitors.
Taipei NMP (National Palace Museum) was the last stop of our half day city tour in Taipei. We chose to stay beyond the half day tour and explore the museum more. The museum exhibits the treasures on a 3 month rolling basis as there are literally hundreds of thousands of pieces on store. When visiting, don't miss the following attractions 1/ world renowned Jadeite Cabbage carved by artisans with cricket and grasshopper included2/ Zong Zhou Zhong (Bell of Zhou)3/ Mao Gong Ding (Cauldron of Duke of Mao) carries the longest chinese inscription3/ Boat Carved from an Olive Seed is carving of a boat made out of an olive pit. There are numerous ceramic pieces - blue and white, celadon and others. Chinese scrolls depicting typical Chinese life in the country are also on display. For those who are fans of antiquity, the National Palace Museum will be a "paradise". You will not be disappointed. How to get there: take the #30 bus from Jiantan MRT station. The Taipei Metro is super efficient and one won't get loss traversing its numerous stations. Secure a 3 or 4 day Unlimited Ride pass for MRT and Bus lines..
A complicated museum, well done, with many treasures. A bit of a trip but more Chinese artifacts than In mainland China. Many people, be prepared for big crowds.
Great place to see history of Taipei, particularly if you only have an afternoon. The garden outside is wonderful and peaceful to visit.
A museum having old heritage collection of pretty old collection. Huge campus in Mountain area . One must visit
The place is Great! My family enjoy taking photo of the entire place especially outside the building. We went there during double ten celebration and there are so many Taiwan flags display which makes the place more beautiful. Because it is a holiday in Taiwan there are a lot of visitors when we went there. Although the artifacts on display are not much extra-ordinary we enjoy it so much. Transportation is easy from shilin station we took bus no. 30 to reach the place.
Visited this museum .before we go we have A lot of expectation from this museum from historical point of view.we as oversea chinese would like to see the best artifact on display to show the glory of china which have been ship to taiwan due to historical reason. Sadly the building design is very poorly executed .The space planning of the museum is very confusing you will lost in museum .when i was there i have to stand near the enterance to wait for my wife when finish the exhibitions because the way the sequencing of the display is show will make you lost touch with your partner.this not only happen to me alone but it also happen at least to more than 10 other families when i stand there waiting.artifact display is very poorly presented.make the visitor feel nothing special about it.In my opinion. the historical artifact in china. is much more better in quantity and quality.you feel the greatness of that nation.our expectation of this museum before visit we are thinking of looking at the best of china but after visited this museum you will definitely dissapointed .It is the problem due to the design of museum .It is about the poor circulation and it is not correctly done .it is about poorly presented on the display.it is about no introduction of natural lighting in The space . .....all of which Make it really dull on the visitation experience.When I try to walk to the cafeteria just to have a look at the food I was stop by a staff .very unfriendly confront to the guest to prevent me entering the place .according to him if you not order any thing you cannnot walk in the cafeteria what sort of system is this.cant I see first before I decide what to order.such a silly system from a museum that want to show the thousand year of civilization . Very dissapointed indeed .If you have high expectation before going when you are dreaming to see the best part of china which was told store in this museum.it is not true indeed .the best part of china still remain in china ..This museum do not represent the best even if you compare to a small museum in guanzhou . It is too much of speculation .
The quality and the quantity of exhibition is great and amazingly beautiful. People should be proud to see those history and heritage brought by ancestors.
There is A LOT of stuff here and it just blends into each other after a while. I suggest starting on floor 1 in the orientation room to just get a sense of what you will see and then head straight to the 3rd floor. The jade cabbage is there which is one of the best pieces and some other good stuff. 2nd floor is ok with lots of pottery and artwork and the 1st floor is just so-so. After a while, it gets very tiring, so it's worth doing the important stuff before you get too exhausted. Everything is ok, but I wish the museum gave you a little better context of what exactly you were seeing and ideas about different periods in Chinese history and the differences between them. Also, there is nowhere to buy food or drinks in the museum and you can't bring them in, so make sure to eat before you head inside.
If you are a fan of the museum or Chinese culture, do not miss this place. The rich collection includes the best part of over five-thousand-year history in Chinese culture, and it is stored in Taiwan. Come and have a look for the essential part of the old civilization.
Take the red metro line from Taipei main station to Shilin station and then the number 255 bus from 100 metres to the right outside the metro station. There is a volunteer at this station to help. The museum is a lovely building and you have to leave your bags in a locker before entry. The museum has a comprehensive collection of artifacts saved by Chang Kai Shek from the Forbidden City in Bejing before he left China. There many displays of mainly smaller items going back through China's long history, the jade is beautiful. But due to many touring groups it can be difficult to see some of the displays!! It is worth a visit though
Seen it outside only.Very good view.Worh but not easy to come.Long wait for bus.Maybe better take taxi.Recommend.
This museum has an amazing number of treasures and is a must visit. It's worth learning about the history behind the collection before you go. Just be prepared for throngs on Chinese tourists. It made it hard to get close enough to get a good look at some of the artifacts, and I though I was going to be trampled at one point.
I'm sure we should have looked properly but wanted to see this national treasure! Packed with tourists, and full of (wonderful) art, it wasn't quite as exciting as we expected. We made it quite a quick visit.
Awesome display of Chinese Artifacts.Be prepared to stand and walk alot, good thing there are alot of benches around.Do take R30 if coming by Shilin MRT, as this red bus no 30 ( Duration half hrly) stop right next to B1 of main hall, while other public buses stops at the main entrance which is 10 mins walk up many steep stairway to the main hall.
This has to be one of the best museums of Chinese arts in Asia, with a lot of good paintings, potteries, jade art works and religious sculptures. Visitors have to prepare to walk for 2-3 hours to get close to seeing them all. It will be nice to have more seats and light (dimmed to protect the work I guess) so that visitors can have a rest every now and then. The cost of entrance ($150) is very reasonable.
It's absolutely massive. An astonishing collection, but I found it a bit overwhelming after a while (endless pottery). I got the audio guide, which helped me focus (there were loads of people on the Wednesday I visited). I did find that there wasn't a lot of background info given (ie specific dynasties and rulers), Id like to go back with a better background basis. Well worth the visit, though! A very impressive collection.
I came here for a rainy day, it is quite far from the center of city but the many bus pass here. This is a very museum with many objects from 1k year BCE to now. You will see how chinese's history from the begin till now, how Chinese write, thier culture.. it is great for people want to understand Chinese history and culture. The entrance ticket is 250 Taiwan dolar
Second time here, still very amazed with their ceramic collection. The variety is just amazing. You can see some of the most beautiful and esquisite ceramic collection of the Ming and Qing dynasty here. Their paintings and scrolls collection lacks documentation in English. It is difficult to understand this part of the Chinese culture if one cannot understand Chinese characters. If you are into Jades, go directly to 3rd floor!
It was indeed the most memorable attraction site that I visited in Taipei. I did not follow a guided tour; but looked at the exhibits on my own :- the exhibits were amazing. I love the tiny carved exhibits the most. I was in Taipei in 2004 for 3-4 days but only had a day to go sightseeing :- so chose to go to this place. Happy to say I enjoyed this place very much.
This is the most extensive collection of Chinese dynasty art probably in the world. Very crowded with very few Westerners. The audio guide is very detailed. Leave lots of time. We took a taxi for less than $10 and the MRT afterwards. Don't miss the garden. Enjoy.
Three floors filled with many artifacts. I loved the paintings. Somewhat confusing with all the rooms. I had to make sure I didn't miss anything all the time.
We did a few attractions during our short stay in Taipei - Yehliu Geological Park, the former gold mining town Jiufen, and Shifen with its waterfall, but the National Palace Museum was surely the highlight and well worth the half day we spent there. The secret is to get yourself onto the free guided tours taken by the Museum's pool of extremely knowledgeable and passionate docents (volunteer guides). We were blessed with a hugely enthuiastic guide, Rhaine (Hui Rong) who walked us through the highlight exhibits in a systematic and informative fashion. Her tour which was to have lasted 80 minutes or so, went on for two hours, and we did not mind it one least bit.It is best that you register online for these guided tours. The English ones are on daily at 10 am and 3 pm. Online registration is limited to 15 per group. We were disappointed at first when we logged on to find that registration closes 3 days before, as we only had the next day to visit before we left Taipei. Thankfully, our hotel concierge checked and found out that they do accept walk-in registration for another 15 pax, so we made sure we went when the museum opened to get ourselves registered. As it turned out, there were only 5 of us in the group, which made for a good intimate briefing. Visiting the National Palace Museum was the best decision we made of our entire trip.
if you are really into museums then this is for you. If you really don't care about the history of the fan or ceramic bowls then you can skip this attraction. If you don't take a guided tour be ready to fight the 80000+ other guided tours crowding around everything. After half an hour we gave up and left. Not worth your time unless you really like this stuff. No military displays just art.
This museum has charts to shown the long chinese history.Very informative and thousands of artifacts . It has interesting themes of display. Plan to spend at least 4 hours. Go early to beat the tourist buses!
This museum was very informative and well laid out. I would definitely recommend a visit to get some historical background on China and see some beautiful treasures. If you only have time for one museum, I would say this is the one to do. This is a great activity to get out of the heat or rain. Also, several great restaurants in the facility so you can plan to eat there. Easy to get here. Just take the metro then a short walk to a bus that drops you off right there. You can use your metro card for the bus. You just tap to pay when you get off (not when you get on). The stop will be announced and obvious.
Maybe the hordes of tourists cramming the hallways turned us off to the exhibits? Not sure but we were underwhelmed by this museum, after great expectations...do NOT buy the audio unless you need a translation other than English or Chinese-plenty of information written with each exhibit without the exhaustive detail of the audio-each item came with a 5-10 minute description droning on with excruciatingly boring history-too much, unless you're a museum aficionado! With all those exhibits it'd take days to listen to the entire audio guide. A brief overview suffices & that will take 2-3 hours.
This is a must place to see if you are interested in history. It has a very good collection of Chinese culture development over several thousand years. The collection is as good as or even larger than what you can find from Mainland China. The museum is easy to access with taxi. Be prepared for large groups of Mainland visitors, it can be quite crowded at times. Overall we felt it was worth a visit.
Go early in the morning, later you risk the crowded files of Chinese from the Continent. If have time go to eat to the Gastronomic Restaurant for lunch time.
The Museum is well organised and excellent displays with very good English descriptions of all displayed items.Challenge is that is built like a maze and the museum tour does not have a natural flow.The garden was a great disappointment. Such a museum deserves a properly maintained and trimmed garden.
The treasures that were on show are beautiful, and they are very well presented. A beautiful museum.
You can never miss the chance to learn Chinese History at the National Palace Museum. All exhibits are well placed and described with details. Worth bringing kids there to learn.
All the best pieces you can see . Take a taxi and staff is nice. Avoid the Chinese tour, they speak too loud .
If learning is part of travelling go it is a treasure trove of chinese culture. Pity only 3000 pieces display out of 700,000. Description in both english n chinese very good. Pleasant if the crowds not overbearing. It took us a whole day to browse beginning with the best jade collection of any museum on 3rd floor then the pottery, calligraphy and Chinese fans collection of the dynasties on the 2nd. See the intrigues of the ivory ball, the moving vase, the italian lang shiling collection of 3 d chinese art pieces. Truly amazing visit. 
We arrived at lunchtime expecting the crowds would be less and we were right, but wow did it fill up again after lunch! Outside of the main attractions there were fewer tourists and some very cool things to see. If you want a glimpse of the famous jade cabbage be prepared to wait for it - you'll get to shuffle by for a quick look and then be moved on out of the room.
Paid NT$250 for the entrance fee to the gallery. It was worth it. There's 3 floors. There were a lot of artefacts, national treasures , historical antiques , books, scriptures, arts, sculpture , paintings and so many more to see and learn. I was fascinated and I'm glad my son enjoyed himself running around , pointing at the displays, flipping books. He's only 3 years old but he's all excited with what's there. You are not allowed to bring any bags inside. There's lockers for NT$10. You'll get a refund after collecting your bags. So it's free of charge. Cool right. After the gallery, we went outside to take pics of the external building. It was grand and majestic looking. The view was spectacular, overlooking hilltops and greens. Spent about 1.5 hours at the palace musuem alone , it was a bit rushed as the museum was closing at 6pm and I'd arrived around 430pm. There is a garden and children's gallery too. But I didn't go due to time contraints. Do check that out when you are there next time.
According to the official website for the museum and all the tourist guides, the museum is open until 21:00 on Friday's and Saturday's. I even double checked before I set off. It isn't. At least not on the Saturday I tried to visit. Me and hundreds of others. It was raining, so perhaps the staff packed up early and fled under umbrellas, but the museum itself was locked and barred. Having taken a bus to get there, which took an hour including waiting time, I was not happy. My only chance to see the museum thwarted by mis-information or a rain shower? Whichever, it's very annoying.
The National Palace Museum is one place that you need to visit if you are in Taipei. It can be reached by taking the MRT Line 2 to Shilin Station and there a bus that stops at National Palace Museum. This place houses all the national treasures of China that were taken out of China by Nationalist Government. There are so many exhibits that they cannot be displayed all of them at the same time. They now allow visitors to take photos. There is a price discount if you visit the place after 4:30 pm。You need to spend at least three to see the exhibits on the 3 floors.
Audio guide is a must. It is reasonable price. It is not included in ticket purchase. No back pack in the museum. Can re-enter the same day. The restaurant in next building is packed, try to go earlier. Waiting time normally is 30 minutes. The location is not closed to subway station. Have to take bus after getting off subway station Shilin.
I was not so excited at the prospect of this museum but needed to fill an afternoon and was very surprised at the quality of the exhibits and the layout of the entire museum. It is very easy to navigate this large museum, with the collections clearly marked (ceramics, calligraphy, etc.). It is very easy to choose which to see. I was fascinated by the incredibly elaborate iron work (pots, weapons, all kinds of vessels) that dated back to the 10-13th centuries B.C.!!!
I came here on Sept 14. Since I arrived at 5, we got the discounted price. The security is very strict. All backpacks have to go into the locker. The exhibits were every interesting and well laid out. Pictures are allowed but no flash.
We arrived around 10AM and the museum was already crowded. If you bring a backpack then you will need to put it into a locker. Once through security (not sure what they are checking for since almost everyone beeped but no one was stopped) we decided to start on the third floor and work our way down to the first. There are a lot of good displays that are well grouped together. I believe they rotate the exhibits since I don;t recall seeing some of the items from my last visit.I recommend going to the restaurant next to the museum after completing your visit. The beef noodle soup was very good (tried the duo bowl with plain broth on one side and a spicier one on the other). This is sized to share. Don't get their xiao lin baos as they were not good at all.
I took a taxi to this museum, about 300 Taiwan Dollar. We drove passed what looked like a busy bus station. It was a parking lot. The taxi dropped me of at the entrance, after a steep climb. The museum is too big for words. It has, for what I could see in a few hours, a splendid collection of arte facts from China. I only saw the special exhibitions - jade, porcelain, modern art - and a part called high lights. Very well presented, with texts in English. Very good introductions. I did use the audio set and it does add value.
After being told by everyone how mind-blowing this museum would be, we were slightly disappointed. But we had to note that that was probably due to the fact that we do not have a profound appreciation or understanding of Chinese culture and history. For example, everything in the museum is categorised in dynasties, not according to CE. As such, we couldn't have a true appreciation for what we were looking at as we had no idea how old the object was. Not much information is available in English - only very basic stuff. Still worth a visit though, especially if you're in Taipei on a rainy day!
We arrived right before the changing of the guard. Not quiet as impressive as London but enjoyable. I would suggest a guide to explain history and events.
If you're a history nerd, this is the place to be!! You can spend several hours in here if you read and enjoy everything. At night, it looks quite cool :-)
Great museum filled with thousands of historical works. Easy to reach via Metro and then bus. You can easily spend a few hours here going through all the displays. Don't bring any kind of camera or video recorder they are banned (unfortunately)
Perhaps not in the right frame of mind after a 48 minute cab ride from the W Taipei. Was told it was a 30 min ride max. Missed the opening and not allowed entrance until an official break. Trip from the states were ok but not the right environment and left after 15 minutes. 1 hour back to hotel in the rain. STAY AT THE W. in Taipei. Their "kitchen " is a little functional but the food is good and excellently presented. Great pool. Nice gym. High tea on top floor is delightful.
One of the best museum for Chinese Arts. Avoid peak hours in the morning when the museum can be overcrowded with tourists.
Chinese art with its dazzling splendors has long mesmerized the world. Rightly so. It is one of the world's glories. This museum arguably houses the world's greatest collection of Chinese art. That alone is reason to visit. Forgive me if I blast on too long about how absolutely heart-stopping the brilliance of this art is. But trust me. Visit & you won't be disappointed. A. From Beijing to Nanjing to TaipeiHow the art came to Taiwan from Beijing, Shanghai and Nanjing is its own remarkable tale. In brief, following the fall of the Qing Dynasty in 1912, art from the Forbidden City was collected and displayed in Beijing's Palace Museum (1925-1933). During World War II (1931-1945) and again during the Chinese Civil War (ending with Red victory in 1949), the art was packed, moved, hidden and ultimately sent to Taiwan with the fleeing Nationalist forces (Guomindang or KMT).B. The ArtOf the 700,000 artifacts held only 3,000 can be displayed simultaneously. Thus, the museum regularly rotates displays.One could spend many hours, even many days, admiring the Chinese calligraphy, statuary, porcelain, bronzes, paintings, jades, books and other treasures. For those with shorter time horizons (or attention spans), here are some highlights:-- Bronzes: See especially the nearly 3,000 year old Zong Zhou Zhong (Bell of Zhou) made for the reputedly decadent and corrupt King Li of Zhou.-- Ceramics:The collection is overwhelming and beautiful. It comprises treasures from the many dynastic imperial kilns (especially but not only the Tang, Song, Ming and Qing dynasties).-- Jade & JasperDo see the remarkable "Jadeite Cabbage". Follow the crowd to this carved jade that appears as a cabbage head If you look closely, you can see a large and small grasshopper hidden among the leaves.The "Meat-shaped Stone" is another crowdpleaser. Jasper has been made to appear like a piece of pork cooked in soy sauce. Ingenious!-- Calligraphy -- Jin, Tang...Obviously, those who can read Chinese characters benefit most and deepest but the beautiful writing can be appreciated by all. These are works of great calligraphers, scholars and courtiers.-- Paintings:These are my favorites.See the Qing Palace version of Zhang Zeduan's "Along the River During the Qingming Festival." This is a Qing era copy of the Song-era original that sits in the sister Palace Museum in Beijing. Both works are priceless masterpieces. The scene depicts the festive rather than the ceremonial aspects of the Chinese Qingming holiday. You can see all layers of society depicted. Reader, there is a reason this is called "China's Mona Lisa." It reminds me somewhat of the Dutch master Pieter Bruegel the Elder who also liked to depict everyday scenes of commoners.See "Dwelling in the Fuchun Mountains" (Wu-yung version) by Huang Gongwang of Yuan Dynasty". This is the legendary landscape (shan shui - "mountain water") by Yuan dynasty master and Daoist Huang Gongwang. It's over 22 feet long and depicts mountain slopes, trees, grass, valleys, cut paths, water, a fisherman and boat, pavilions and more. The scroll has a smaller and separated companion scroll that is 20 inches long (showing the upper mountain). This smaller scroll is displayed in the provincial museum of Hangzhou. During the late Ming dynasty, Wu Hongyu, the scroll's then owner, loved the painting so much that he sought to have it burnt to accompany him upon death into the afterlife for his eternal enjoyment. Wu's quick-witted nephew plucked the scroll from the pyre, secretly swapping another lesser work. This caused the aforementioned separation.The horizontal format and size prevents you from seeing the whole painting at once. You are meant to follow the unravelling scene with the unrolled scroll, a journey of discovery. Ancient viewers followed a procedure for unrolling and viewing this. They must have had a remarkable experience akin perhaps to our seeing a masterful film unfold.SummaryIf you have the change to visit this museum, you will be happy and grateful. It's a monument to Chinese civilization and culture, a world treasure. Oh reader, I could go on...
This place has the best collection of Chinese art in the world. Yes, Chinese art in Taiwan. When the nationalist government got defeated by the communists, they retreated to Taiwan, and brought all these treasures. Luckily, taiwan never had suffered any serious turmoil, so they never did go thru cultural revolution of any sort. Therefore these treasures stay intact and they have done a great job in taking care of these amazing artifacts.
It is huge, and the quality of all items are of the highest quality! But the best way to visit the museum is to take a tour of the first floor one time, tour of the second floor on the second visit and then a 3rd visit for the 3rd floor because of the size of this museum. But what I miss With this museum are the beautiful Chinese robes/dresses. It is absolutely a MUST Place to visit when one is visiting Tapei. I believe it is better to visit this museum in the afternoon when there are less visitors. Two evenings a week the museum is open until 8,30 in the evenings, - the other evenings until 6.30.
This museum contained very historical and cultural elements of China. It is a very amusing if your interested in chinese history and culture. The place is very relaxing and not crowded. (but there can be crowded times). The tickets are $20 per adult. Transportation: Take MRT to Shilin and get R3 bus. When you walk out of the MRT you can see there is a map right next to the exit, you can see where the bus is (Very useful). FOOODDD: Right outside the station there are heaps of food stalls so never be afraid you will get hungry. Heaps of nice food from asian to western spaghetti , steak house, bubble tea and hot pot, 7 elven etc.
A very good museum having the most beautiful Chinese artefacts . The museum is built very well . Excellent display and very well organised. It needs several hours . We could see 4 of the best galleries.
This is by far the most expensive entrance fee I've paid for in Taipei but the treasures it holds makes up for it. Wanted to go for the terracotta warriors exhibition but it was excluded from the main museum. There's no MRT stations nearby, but you can get a bus from the shilin station at around 15mins interval. The bus ride takes around 30mins. Alternatively you may grab an uber for about ntd100 which cuts down the travel time a lot(less than 10mins)
We went there at night, lot of people gathering there, good for dating spot , I saw same teens practice their dance. The moon if full that time & the sky is clear so it's beautiful...
Ten years ago, this was my favorite place to visit. It was quiet, full of amazing art that you could walk around and take in with all the contemplation needed in a museum. Now, you're lucky if you can get close to any of the work worth seeing and if you can appreciate it without a tour group tromping over you. The space was perfect when it was built, but the ageing building does not keep up with modern capacity, hence my lower score. Time to head to their new location in Chiayi!
all first time visitors must visit this place. I am in awe of the treasures from diffirent dynasties. and dont forget to visit the silk palace restaurant for their dimsum buffet
A must see museum, if you like art! There is gorgeous jade jewelry, porcelain china and calligraphy from all ages. You can see the progression in the artwork. It is awe inspiring especially in the jade carving and porcelain china. The improvement of the glazes and the colors. Fantastic!!
As there are thousands of items in the museum, get an audio tour machine is suggested. You should reserve at least 2 hours to have a quick glance of the items. If possible, visit there early in the morning when open or late in the afternoon to avoid the crowd. They periodically change the theme exhibition as there are more than 700,000 items in stock and only 3,000 can be displayed. If you are into Chinese art and history, NPM is definitely must-go place when you visit Taipei.
Our hotel recommended that we take a tiny bus near our hotel. When we got on the bus, I'm sure we had a look on our faces like we had no idea what we were doing. This friendly man in the back of the bus immediately says to us, "yes! This is the bus. Sit, sit." So we did and he was right. He told us to get off the bus and walked is right to the ticket booth in the museum because he worked there. You don't get better service than that, and it's a prime example how friendly and helpful people are.The museum is huge and well layer out. The big show is on the top floor where they have the jade exhibit. We learned a lot about jade and how it's valued. The other exhibits were also very good. The whole museum is just a feast for the senses.Very nice bathrooms on each floor.Must check bags when you enter. Lockers are free as you get your coin back when you leave.No cameras.No food or drinks.They had a cafeteria but we didn't eat there.CHECK THE RETURN BUS SCHEDULE WHEN YOU GET THERE SND PLAN ACCORDINGLY. We didn't. Heck and ended up waiting 1 hour for a departing bus. The ladies at the info desk are really helpful.The gift shop is excellent. If you want to buy gifts for people buy them here. Better yet, get something nice for yourself.